how I handle self doubt. Um, yeah. There's gonna be times in your career.
You gonna wonder why am I out here? Why am I doing this job? I'll
tell you a lot of nights. And if I were wearing my uniform right now,
my ribbons on city, I see service deployed with four pins on it.
Four oak leaves on it, which stands for two years for deployed away
from the country with my family, with my whole underway at sea. Another
year pin earned for Japan. So technically, I was away for three
years from the States. Anyway, the thing is nice. Worshipped robbery
at night. You look up at the stars, you can see the stars. You know
what you're doing. You know your mission. I always like to look back
for the ship from sugars on the way. And you have shifted colors
from the fantail to the main mass and the ship is underway. You see
old glory flying. It's flying because you're there. Nor mission. Part
of what you're doing is keeping that flag and showing that for it's
always been. Um, I was advised officers will have a chance in Washington,
D. C. by and see all the monuments. Good bye and looking like.
And look at the Washington Monument. Look at what they did back then.
Is that smart? Okay, they did a lot. So they knew what they did.
I think I try to stay motivated to do.